How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

it showed me the differences between the two files, the old one that was working and the new one that had a bug, 
so i could quickly determine what bug got introduced


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

you may be able to cut out old code from previous versions that you aren't using in the new version and repurpose it.
also, you could see how you evolved as a programmer and become more efficient by studying your mistakes or seeing where
you had a good solution to a problem. also, you could see where you introduced a lot of bugs after a new build if lots
of bugs keeps showing up after one particular version.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

pros: you'll better remember changes and milestones because you're consciously thinking about them in sections. 
It will help you better understand the functions of your program because you will commit them when finished.

cons: time consuming. may forget to do it at an appropriate time.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

you may change two related files at the same time and it makes sense to change those together. if they're unrelated then separately makes sense as you 
wouldn't want to track all the files in a repository as it would take lots of system resources. 


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log: you can obtain the commit ids and read the notes for each commit
git diff: you can compare two different commits


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

it easy to revert to a working state so you can experiment more


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

eventually i want to use it to make my web app